So just to give you I guess, that same
explanation kind of in a diagram form,
there's scenes, scenes of game objects.
And the game objects can have any
number of components attached.
They'll always have at least one though,
because every game object
has a transform component.
So we're finally getting
into actually using Unity.
I know that was like a lot of
expository information but
there's a lot to know
without making games.
So we're going to just use
primitive shapes for our game,
and we just need a cube that's
going to be our game board.
And then we're going to have spheres for
our player, the opponent and
the collectible, which were the little
purple spheres that I showed earlier.
And we're going to place
these in the game world.
So I've written out the values here but
I'll go ahead and
actually place these in unity and
show you how that works.
So let's switch over and
I'm going to open up
the scene view here so
I can see what's in the scene.
And right now I have this
Skybox here actually,
which if I rotate around,
it looks like a studio environment.
And that's just what's going to
be reflected on to any kind of
game objects or materials in the scene.
So that's not actually something that's
going to be rendered in the game just
wanted to point that out now.
But the first thing that we're gonna to
do is create some primitives by going to
the hierarchy here you'll see a little
plus button and if I click that,
that will bring up what's
called the Create menu.
There's a lot of things
that you can create.
We can create empty game objects.
We can create empty children or
parent game objects of the currently
selected game object in the hierarchy.
But we wanna go to 3D objects,
and we want to create a cube.
So I'll click that It's going to be called
cube by default, but I'll rename that.
And I'm going to call it board, because
this is going to be our game board.
And, like I said, if you hold down
Option on Mac or Alt on Windows,
you'll see that you can orbit in
the scene view by clicking and
dragging with that key held down.
And there's our cube there.
If I hit the F key for frame,
it will frame up the currently
selected game object so
I can actually see that that's there.
And of course, you can zoom in, and
out with your scroll wheel your device.
And so yeah, I've got our game board here.
And you'll see that I've got some
transform controls here as well those
are these arrows.
And if I click and drag on those,
I can move this up and down.
I can actually select
a plane here to select two
different arrows at the same time and
lock my transformations to a plane.
But for today's lessons, we're just going
to type in values into the inspector
in the transform component, so like I
said, every game object has a transform.
So a camera, a light,
this event system, and
this cube we just created
Has a transform and
that transform has position rotation and
scale values.
For this cube we're going
to set the x value to zero,
we're going to set the y value to 0.5.
And then we're going to set Z to zero.